What the hell are you talking about?
It was our family that was unlucky at that time
In addition, there is Mr. Ghost Hand
What the hell does it have to do with you trash?
Ah, I see.
So it's you?
Shi Yaxian, you have already expected today
So he left our family early
Right? What nonsense are you talking about?
Lu Yao, let me tell you
I don't have time to kill you right now
Hurry up and give me time
You don't always want to know. Looking back
Dare to quibble
Do you think you are awesome?
I don't have the time.
But breaking your armor is exactly what I said
You are talking nonsense.
Don't you believe it?
Come and see for yourself
You are a ghost
He is Mr. Ghost Hand Film and Television Legend
Mr. Ghost Hand shocked the entire financial world
All colleagues of the Virtue Chamber of Commerce meet Mr. Ghost Hand
It's You
You ruined our family
I'm going to kill you!
Yes boss yes boss
Lao Wang
Come on.
The boss goes to rest
You are really a ghost